Edited documentation of the avatar component (#1796)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/avatar.md

</div>

####Avatar displaying image

> To get an avatar that dispalays an image, all you have to do is setting the image source via the `src` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get an avatar that displays an image, all you have to do is set the image source via the `src` property.
```
